Datadog plugin for JetBrains IDEs / documentation refresh (minor) (#28601)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/ide_plugins/idea/_index.md

## Overview

> The Datadog plugin for JetBrains IDEs helps improve software performance by providing code insights in the IDE based on real-time observability data.  The plugin is for developers that use Datadog products including [Log Explorer][5], [Error Tracking][6], [Code Security][7], the [Continuous Profiler][10], [Test Optimization][18] and [CI Visibility][19] to monitor their services. It is available for IntelliJ IDEA, GoLand, PyCharm, WebStorm, and PhpStorm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog plugin for JetBrains IDEs helps improve software performance by providing code insights in the IDE based on real-time observability data. The plugin is for developers that use Datadog products including [Log Explorer][5], [Error Tracking][6], [Code Security][7], [Continuous Profiler][10], [Test Optimization][18] and [CI Visibility][19] to monitor their services. It is available for IntelliJ IDEA, GoLand, PyCharm, WebStorm, and PhpStorm.
```

<div class="alert alert-info">The names of linked services persist with the project when you close it.</div>

## Logs insights

Log patterns from Datadog are matched directly to lines of code in your editor for your Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, Go, and Python source files:
{{< img src="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/log-patterns.png" alt="A log line showing log events from Datadog" style="width:100%;" >}}

A popup shows runtime values from the log entries:
{{< img src="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/log-patterns-popup.png" alt="A popup showing log patterns from Datadog" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Click the log icon to open the [Log Explorer][5] on the Datadog platform with a pre-filled query that matches the logger name, log level, and log message as closely as possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the log icon to open the [Log Explorer][5] in Datadog with a pre-filled query that matches the logger name, log level, and log message as closely as possible:
```

The active Profiling tab also affects the project tree view, which is annotated with the selected profile's metrics:
{{< img src="/developers/ide_plugins/idea/project-tree-view.png" alt="The project tree annotated with profile metrics from a profile tab" style="width:60%;" >}}

## CI Test Runs

> You can view recent test runs in the [Continuous Integration Visibility Explorer][12] by navigating directly from your source files. Look for the **CI Test Run** inlays above test method declarations in your source code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view recent test runs in the [CI Visibility Explorer][12] by navigating directly from your source files. Look for the **CI Test Run** inlays above test method declarations in your source code:
```
